he's just got into a clearing insurance
managed to get a dart into him
and the recovery is going to be very
difficult diseases lots of rocks lots of
bush
one very clever buffalo ball okay laugh
off
look at you two awesome I'd like to
sound glad I chose that place let's get
the stretch in wait we're rolling one
time onto the stretcher are we ready
together one two three okay
wished on Walter one two three stick
damar big boy if math is huge the tongue
must be out to prevent the bull choking
and he has to be kept cool what his
master is probably one of the biggest
Bulls you've done and it's horns are
huge if you measure him and just have a
look in a huge boss yeah
very hard boss not a new battle scars
he's obviously been fighting one two
three
it's still quite amazing with fitted a
huge Buffalo ball in the back over the
big ball is delivered to a new part of
the reserve but Shaun and Emma aren't
done yet you're bloody lucky inset yeah
back at the Burma they now have to get
the remaining Buffalo into the truck
we're going to dart the dominant cow in
there and every hopefully all the other
Buffalo is going to follow her into the
truck that's in theory so your theories
grade but while Buffalo sometimes
haven't read the books that we have
difficulty making sure we hit them
everything's in line
I went down in there but it's good
enough enough good shot wait and out
away the bullet Ellen what's the
bullying this close to Buffalo is not a
good idea
watch that bullet Donald pull pull pull
pull
keep it up keep it up
yeah good but the tactics have paid off
the Buffalo are in the truck
Emma's going to quickly separate them
she's giving them tranquilizer and some
antibiotics some antiparasite tools and
teeth parasitical what sir sorry Amy's
gonna give it some stuff to sort out the
ticks
you